hello youtube today as you know i'm
going to try to breathe a Sun dragon
okay as you can see I've been doing a
lot of research myself and I got a
pretty a lot of voices so I'm just going
to show you I'm gonna try it and if it
doesn't work if you find out can you
please tell me I'm begging you trying to
so just sit back and relax okay let's
try let's try it okay
okay let's try something else okay let's
try something new okay bee Neil let's
try mud and storm crazy thing but mud
and storm must try it let's find mud um
let's see mud mud mud I can't find my
mud oh they're mud and my storm springs
breed Oh take quite luck wait yep line
definitely getting a Sun dragon now huh
what a coincidence right okay if you
want to know how it works is it the
dragon which is sun or because sun or
sun or moon sorry for taking p.m. sun or
moon it will it will take long time to
breathe it as you can see it will take
one day 23 hours 59 minutes and pretty
tree sense so it's gonna take very very
long to breathe it just like I'm trying
to breathe I just breathe it my moon
dragon on my last episode you can see
and if it doesn't work i will show you
together when it yeah when the moon
hatches it'll be the same time as the
Sun they brevis I Bri the Sun so i'll
just show you when I beat the Sun
tomorrow the Sun i'll show you the
pattern weather is not if it's not
please leave a comment below telling me
what to do what steps when you do or
whatever and i'll show you my moon
dragon that's definitely i can assure
you something dragon so thanks for
watching hope you like it make sure you
subscribe and I'm Dragon Master
broadcasting for
back study ops by